Microsoft Azure ML 
a cloud service for training, deploying, and managing ML models. 
Designed to be used by data scientists/software engineers/devops pros to manage the end-to-end lifecycle of ML projects:

        Exploring data & preparing it for modeling.
        Training & evaluating ML models.
        Registering & managing trained models.
        Deploying trained models for use by applications and services.
        Reviewing and applying responsible AI principles and practices.

Features & capabilities of Azure ML
-Centralized storage and management of datasets for model training and evaluation.
-On-demand compute resources on which you can run ML jobs (such as training a model).
-Automated ML (AutoML) makes easy to run multiple training jobs w/different algorithms & parameters to find best model for your data.
-Visual tools to define orchestrated pipelines for processes such as model training or inferencing.
-Integration with common ML frameworks such as MLflow; make it easier to manage model training/evaluation/deployment at scale.
-Built-in support for visualizing & evaluating metrics for responsible AI, inc model explainability/fairness assessment & others.


Provisioning Azure ML resources
Primary resource required for Azure ML is an Azure ML workspace (Azure subscription).
Supporting resources, inc. storage accounts/container registries/virtual machines are created automatically as needed.
Create an Azure ML workspace, w/Azure portal


Azure ML studio
After provision Azure ML workspace, use it in Azure ML studio (browser-based portal for managing your ML resources and jobs).

In Azure ML studio:
        Import and explore data.
        Create and use compute resources.
        Run code in notebooks.
        Use visual tools to create jobs and pipelines.
        Use automated ML to train models.
        View details of trained models, inc evaluation metrics/responsible AI info/training parameters.
        Deploy trained models for on-request and batch inferencing.
        Import and manage models from a comprehensive model catalog.
